- This has been five years of--of agony.
- I'm still waiting for her to walk through the door.
- This was an evil menace out on the street.
- This case began in 2019.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- We're just thankful that we were able to get it done.
- State of Florida versus Wade Wilson.
- I call it Wade's World.
and within Wade's World. you got the Wade Wives.
- Send him love. Send him hope.
- There was never any hope with these lawyers.
- So they tried to demonize anybody
except the man who really needs to be demonized. Wade Wilson.
- This case was about killing for the sake of killing.
He went after Kristine Melton.
He went after Melissa Montanez.
And he went after Diane Ruiz.
- I'm Diane Ruiz's youngest child.
Everything told me that she was coming home.
I almost killed myself because I couldn't bear the idea
without--turning 15 without my mom.
- I felt for him so bad. and I hated Wade for it.
And you're just sitting there and not showing anything.
- There she is. Look at her.
Look at her.
You can see it. I know you can.
- Maybe a sense of relief for the family.
- That's Wade Wilson in October.
That's Wade Wilson now.
Who in their right mind does that to themselves?
- My understanding is that the jury has reached a verdict.
Are we ready to proceed?
- Yes. sir. Yes. sir. - Okay.
- He's so nervous.
He knows it's about to be bad for him.
- I'm gonna have to live with the rest of my life
thinking about. you know. my child...
Possibly getting executed.
- I guess you know what comes across my mind. murder.
Just murder. murder.
When I get that way. I become the devil.
- Ladies and gentlemen of the jury. welcome back.
- We're ready to proceed.
- Interest was definitely building
all through the trial.
There's fans who have never met this man.
Maybe they've never even talked to this man.
They're showing up for this trial.
My name is JumpsuitPablo.
Mic check. Test. test. test.
I'm a TikToker.
Welcome back. everybody.
- Another day in Wade's World.
I'm posting clips that are getting 5 million. 9 million.
21 million views.
Extraordinary.
- I kept hearing this female energy.
Tell me a name.
And it was Wade.
Wade. Wade Wilson.
- There's this dreamy man who's just misunderstood.
And he didn't do any of this stuff.
He's innocent. you know?
This is all being--you know. he's being framed somehow.
Y'all need to hear his words and what he has to say.
- Good afternoon.
Would you please introduce yourself
to the ladies and gentlemen of the jury
by telling them your name?
- Master Corporal Nicholas Jones.
the Cape Coral Police Department.
I became the assigned detective
for a missing person. Diane Ruiz.
- And did Mr. Wilson indicate to you
that he wished to speak to you?
- He did.
- Did you make any threats or promises in order
to get him to speak with you?
- No. sir.
- Did he request--
was the only request that he made of you
to get some french fries?
- It was a burger and fries. but yes. sir.
- All right. ladies and gentlemen.
you're about to hear recorded conversations.
- You want the jury to remember something that.
you know. really stands out.
For them to. you know. listen to a confession at the end
should have just sealed the deal for them.
- Hearing his confession. I didn't know how to handle it.
I still loved him.
- But I--and I was still trying so hard to believe that
he was telling me the truth. even though everything
was hitting me in the face.
- So it was hard.
- Detective. the person that you sat down with
on the 10th of October of 2019.
do you see him sitting in courtroom today?
- Yes. sir.
- I have no further questions for this witness at this time.
- No cross. Judge.
- State rests.
- All right.
- I mean. I hope those lawyers never have a job again.
They were not making objections.
They were not asking the proper questions.
Things were not done in a timely manner.
- They're ready to blame anybody and everybody.
And so they tried to demonize anybody
except the man who really needs to be demonized. Wade Wilson.
I've done ten years myself.
I know how inmates think.
I know how convicts operate.
I know how prison hustles are.
He's convinced women to smuggle drugs in for him.
- If you could state your name for the record. please.
- Bonnie Wiggins.
- She trafficked narcotics by sneaking them
into the Lee County Jail.
She did that numerous times.
- I would have told him no.
I would have told him to go screw himself.
to be perfectly honest.
- Bonnie Wiggins ruined her life for Wade Wilson.
He will take anyone down with him that he can convince
to go down with him.
I had a woman reach out to me on Instagram
and say that her son-in-law. his name was Brandon.
and that he had been in jail right beside Wade Wilson.
He looked up to Wade. thought Wade was so cool. and in fact.
so cool that he copied him and got the same tattoo
of the stitches. the big stitches smile.
the infamous smile stitches on his face.
- We used to work out in cells next to each other.
Honestly. if you meet Wade. the shit that I've heard
does not add up with his personality.
- That's who he looked up to and wanted to be like.
Brandon has just been arrested for a murder of his own.
I guess he got his wish.
- All right.
And Mr. Wilson. you had an opportunity
to talk to your attorneys about whether you want
to testify or not testify. Is that correct?
Okay. and have you made a decision
as to whether you wanna testify or not?
And what is that decision?
- The State would cross-examine the hell
out of him. so taking the stand was not a good idea.
- There was nothing you could say that
was gonna justify any of it.
- Ladies and gentlemen. both the State and the defendant
have now rested their case.
The attorneys now will present their final arguments.
- I continued to go.
I let him believe that I was still. like. I'm on your side.
It's gonna be fine. you know?
- Good morning. ladies and gentlemen.
jury members: Good morning.
- This case was about killing for the sake of killing.
It's about how he killed.
Blunt force trauma in compliance
for submission.
Strangulation for silence.
He went after Kristine Melton.
He went after Melissa Montanez.
And he went after Diane Ruiz.
Only one survived that day.
Only one. Why?
Because there was too many people around.
But if you remember what he said.
he'd have killed her. too. if given a chance.
- I knew I was gonna die that day.
- And make no mistake about it. despite his bragging.
his boasting. and the excitement he wants to feel...
This case was nothing more than a graphic.
vulgar display of power.
Thank you very much for your time.
- So I was kind of. like. having panic attacks
as I'm sitting in there trying to--
to just digest everything.
I'm feeling hate.
I'm feeling sorrow. I'm feeling lust.
I'm feeling love.
I'm feeling. like. anger.
There was just so much going on.
- First. I wanna thank you for the attention you've given
through these proceedings.
I know there's been some portions that have been
rather rough. so thank you.
Ms. Montanez described it.
Killer eyes.
Two black holes.
No soul. as she put it.
- Dark serial-killer eyes.
- The judge is going to give you an instruction
on second-degree murder.
also known as depraved mind murder.
I was trying for depraved for second-degree murder.
The death penalty isn't an option
for second-degree murder.
And he would have gone off for life.
We're not arguing he didn't do it.
I'm not arguing insanity.
I'm not arguing.
I'm just arguing that--
the State's claiming premeditation.
and I'm saying he's whacked out.
He's just out of his mind for any of this.
Thank you.
- There was never any hope with these lawyers.
That's just the truth.
- It was just obvious to me that they were either
blinding themselves to what was happening in the courtroom.
or they didn't bother to look at anything.
They just said. oh. he's innocent.
- Send him good energy.
Send him love. Send him hope.
Put those in your prayers.
Believe it or not. telepathy works.
- In a lot of his phone calls. calls these girls Mrs. Wilson.
- He refers to them as his fiancée.
He tells him he's going to impregnate them.
and they're gonna have his babies.
- It's concerning to me to see people
fawning over him and gawking over him.
We actually decided to let these women know
they weren't the only ones.
- And so. in the trial. we actually read
some of their names in court on TV.
- What were you asked to do in this particular case?
- I reviewed records.
And I interviewed Mr. Wilson.
- Did you also have an opportunity
to review the emails that Mr. Wilson had written
between Erica Bonpastole.
Hannah Hall. Alexis Williams?
- A lot of these phone calls were. like.
my intimate conversations...
With somebody that I thought
that I was going to spend the rest of my life with.
I didn't think they were gonna get released.
I had no idea.
- She thought she was special.
She thought she was a fiancée.
- Jessica--Jessica Tehonica. Brooklyn Gilly. Riley Texas.
- So it's--it's kind of like a slap in the face.
It was. It was embarrassing.
- This is insane.
- So many names. so many girls.
- The Wade Wives are. like.
he's saying the same thing to all these other women.
- These girls must feel so silly right now.
- They went at each other from all angles.
- They've all just turned-- jealousy. rumors. drama.
- Closing arguments are in the books.
and his life is in the hands of the court now.
- It's--probably my least favorite part is waiting.
and I--I know for the family. it's excruciating.
We knew that they'd be out for a little while.
just given the charges and the seriousness of it.
It's gonna take some time.
- Any jury we sat down. people--
I think some people were in tears. I mean. silently.
And the discussion started.
And pictures were looked at.
Came to a decision.
- Good afternoon. Please be seated.
- You could feel the tension with the family.
They had waited for so long for this moment.
- If you can't control your emotions.
I would ask that you be able to wait in the hallway.
All right. Let's bring the jurors in.
- He was glancing back and forth.
not just at me. but at the jury box.
- Ladies and gentlemen of the jury. my understanding
is you have reached a verdict.
- I wanted to hear the verdict.
I had to see it all for myself.
I just wanted to finish it.
- State of Florida versus Wade Wilson.
Case number 19CF0568.
We the jury finds as follows as to the defendant in this case.
Count one. first-degree murder. Kristine Melton.
The defendant is guilty of first-degree murder.
First-degree murder. Diane Ruiz.
So say we all. foreperson.
- Just the sighs of relief and the tears. you could--
you could hear that and feel that.
- Hearing the word "guilty" just confirmed
that it was real and that there's no other way around.
Like. this is the final decision.
- Then he got found guilty.
I think a lot more people woke up.
But that did not stop the army that was behind him.
- He still did have a lot of people who are like.
oh. this is an injustice.
- This video is not about trying to prove
that Wade Wilson is innocent.
It is to point out that this trial may not
have been a fair trial. which is something
everyone is entitled to.
- We're not just talking. you know.
South Carolina. Oklahoma.
And I mean just world wide.
- They have every excuse in the book as to why
this is just not right.
and they will make this right.
- All right. so. ladies and gentlemen of the jury.
having completed what we call the guilt phase
of the proceedings. it's now time
for what will be called the penalty phase.
- We knew we were gonna get a guilty verdict.
The penalty phase was gonna be the main battleground.
- The jury has to consider and weigh the aggravating factors
versus the mitigating factors.
- What kind of childhood did the defendant have?
And were they a drug addict or were they from a broken home?
- Hi. My name's Janelle.
My whole relationship with Wade Wilson
was in high school.
He was really tall.
You know. he was popular.
All the popular girls dated him. liked him.
We had the same group of friends.
Just the typical high school stuff.
This tattoo right here. I had gotten his. um--
like. WSW. Wade Steven Wilson.
He was a decent boyfriend.
I'm not gonna sit here and lie and say.
like. he was the best boyfriend.
I have seen him turn into a different person
while under the influence. like in a lot of people.
and to be honest. myself included.
I don't think he ever really. truly knew himself.
- When you do that psychologically to a child.
they're either gonna rebel. or they're going to understand.
And Wade didn't understand.
He rebelled.
- He was. for the most part of our friendship
after high school. in and out of jail.
So he's very institutionalized.
- He was accused of domestic violence batteries
by multiple women.
He had burglaries and drugs in his record as well.
- State of Florida is asking you to sentence the defendant
to the ultimate penalty. and that's death.
Remember what he said.
He was a lion.
They were his prey.
- He could sense it.
It just took him two minutes.
They couldn't scream.
They wouldn't yell.
He wouldn't get hurt.
He wouldn't get scratched.
They couldn't get away even if they wanted to.
He was too strong.
Both Kristine Melton and Diane Ruiz
endured a high degree of pain.
Utter indifference.
It was outrageously wicked. vile. and shockingly evil.
Thank you for your time.
- I'm putting the videos on YouTube.
and I mean. hundreds and hundreds of thousands of views.
- How can another man say that a person's life
should be taken when two people already lost their life?
- To advocate for someone's life to be saved
because you're against the death penalty.
that's one thing.
But to advocate because you think he's innocent
or he's handsome...
It really hurt the family.
- What we're going to be asking of you is probably gonna be
one of the most difficult decisions
you'll ever have to make during your lifetime.
We know that. We appreciate it.
If you go back and you recall the testimony of witnesses.
when the witnesses were questioned about what
Mr. Wilson was like when he's not on drugs.
he's charming. he's polite. he's cool.
Other than what he did. you kind of felt sorry for him
because he was born to a drug-impaired mother.
And whatever he ingested that evening.
you had a psychotic time bomb.
- This isn't an excuse for what happened.
You've already decided that he killed these two women.
We're not trying to excuse his conduct.
We're trying to explain to you
why somebody who's charming. polite. and cool
would have done this.
Thank you.
- I kind of wish I never involved myself
with him in the first place.
I made the decision to keep coming back
so I can hear the truth and see--
see what was gonna happen.
- If you'll just face the clerk and raise your right hand.
she'll swear you in.
- I'm Zane Romero.
I'm Diane Ruiz's youngest child.
- The moment that I realized. like. that I was actually.
like. done was during Zane's testimony
is when I broke down. I think. the hardest.
- I was only 14 years old when she passed.
just starting my freshman year of high school.
She was so excited to see me grow up
and so proud of who I was growing into.
Everything told me that she was coming home.
I almost killed myself because I couldn't bear
the idea without--turning 15 without my mom.
- I felt for him so bad. and I hated Wade for it.
Because if I could sit here and be bawling my eyes out
for this child. how much they love their mother
and was waiting for their mom to come home.
and you're just sitting there
and not showing anything.
- That's me and my mom at the Moose Lodge on Mother's Day.
I don't like pictures taken of myself.
and that was the only picture I let her take
as a Mother's Day gift.
- It was horrible.
It was horrible.
That poor kid.
There's no way you can sit in that courtroom
and think any different.
Like. there's no way you can.
- Please state your name.
- My name is Samantha.
- How did you know Kristine Melton?
- She was my best friend and my cousin.
- And Samantha. who is this a photograph of?
- That's Kristine Melton and my daughter
wearing outfits that they got for Christmas to match.
That is my--Kristine and my son. her godchild.
It's Kristine on Easter with bunny ears on
with another child who loved her
and who will never see her again.
That's Kristine and Monte.
That was--that was her cat. the one who
sat next to her crumpled body.
There she is. Look at her.
Look at her.
You can see it. I know you can.
- They were sad to look at.
Very. very sad.
There was a silence in the jury room
from looking at those pictures.
- The prosecution has won this trial.
But I assure you. the family. friends.
and loved ones of Kristine Ann Melton have only lost.
- The death penalty was made
for a criminal like Wade Wilson.
I'm Dave Aronberg. former state attorney for Palm Beach County.
There's an electric chair nicknamed Old Sparky.
Florida used to use it until a few years ago.
when the electric chair malfunctioned.
And someone was being put to death.
and smoke came out of that person's eyes.
So now Florida uses a combination.
a drug combination. It's lethal injection.
But the electric chair is still available
if a defendant wants it. which.
even a sociopath like Wade Wilson is unlikely to do.
- Are we ready. then. for the defense
to begin their presentation?
- Yes. sir. - All right.
- Okay.
Please tell us your name.
- Dr. Hyman Eisenstein.
- What is your profession?
- I am a licensed clinical psychologist. PhD.
- And is there anything that you specifically
recall at this time that indicated to you
that Mr. Wilson may have mental health issues?
- He's been diagnosed with several different--
bipolar. depression. anxiety. schizophrenia.
He's been diagnosed with
antisocial personality disorder.
adjustment disorder.
So I spoke to his mother and father.
Mr. Steve and Miss Candy Wilson.
They found that there was a dramatic change
that occurred in puberty.
- There was no evidence of that diagnosis.
There was no medical records
or doctor reports of that diagnosis.
She didn't ever testify in trial
or give any of that information in trial.
- So my ultimate conclusion is that Mr. Wilson
has neurocognitive brain impairment.
His brain is not functioning
like a normal. healthy individual.
- I don't have any further questions.
Thank you. Doctor.
- People are. like. wondering why there's any sympathy
for him and stuff like that.
I think it is due to. he had a very troubled childhood.
- To me. it would seem more like a mental breakdown.
like a psychotic break.
untreated mental illness mixed with substances.
- Good afternoon. Dr. Eisenstein.
He had experts that essentially.
in my view. made a lot of stuff up.
So that was my goal. was just to expose these doctors.
Now. you have testified over 150 times in capital cases.
- Correct.
- And always for the defense.
- And in almost every single one of these cases.
you testify and you diagnose them
with some sort of prefrontal cortex damage
or some sort of brain damage. correct?
- Correct.
- And that's your main diagnosis in this case.
- I always worry that 12 people that
don't have maybe the experience might buy into some of it.
Are they gonna find them credible?
Are they gonna buy into their diagnoses
and their testing?
- The defense was trying to-- trying to explain. I think.
his mental status that. really. I don't think
had any proof to it.
- This is a point of the trial where we make that big ask.
The point where we ask for your recommendation of death
in this case.
You saw the body cam of the defendant
and how he was acting after the murders.
- You heard his dad testify about how
the defendant killed Kristine Melton and Diane Ruiz.
- He said. I'm a killer.
- And you heard the defendant's statement to law enforcement
confessing to the murders.
- It's not credible that mental illness
caused the defendant to murder Kristine Melton and Diane Ruiz.
He was under the influence of power. of lust.
of control. of hate.
He showed utter disregard for women and for life.
We ask that you make that hard decision.
that you recommend the ultimate punishment
for the ultimate crime.
- Thank you. Your Honor.
May it please the court. counsel.
We're asking you to vote to save Mr. Wilson's life.
There's something wrong with his brain.
It doesn't work like everybody else's does.
That's Wade Wilson in October.
That's Wade Wilson now.
Who in their right mind does that to themselves?
He's not in his right mind all the time.
And it's worse when you throw drugs on top of it.
We can't bring these ladies back.
There's nothing that you can do to fix that problem.
But you can do the right thing here today.
But Mr. Shirley. he didn't show either one of those women mercy
on October 7th.
That's because the monster that he was on October 7th
was incapable of mercy.
You are not that monster.
You are capable of it.
and you need to exercise it on those few occasions
you have in life when you have the power to do so.
As his family. we knew the happy and loving child.
We can't love him less because madness has taken him from us.
Lock away the monster.
But show mercy to the boy inside
who didn't choose this path.
Know that boy is still in there somewhere.
and he is still loved.
Lock away the monster.
- This has been five years of--of agony.
- There were nights that you would wake up and see it.
I think this will stick with me forever.
- I'm still waiting for her to walk through the door.
- This case began in 2019.
And in between there. we had a number of hurricanes.
- The rain. the wind.
- We had--we actually had a pandemic.
- Took a little bit longer than expected.
We're just thankful that we were able to get it done.
- Breaking right now. the man convicted
of killing two Cape Coral women learns his fate.
- He's just one decision away from death.
- Let's go. let's go.
So I remember live-streaming that.
And he can't stop moving and fidgeting and wiggling.
And he knows it's about to be bad for him.
He's trying his best to just have this smirk and this smug.
"I don't care" look on his face.
- He said that the death penalty won't even
be a thing by the time that he actually gets done for.
is what he said.
- The jury was out about an hour 45.
Florida does not require a unanimous vote
on the death penalty anymore.
It's 8-4 is required under current law.
- It started out very silent each time we had to vote.
And then we looked through pictures.
and then we'd start talking.
And tears a lot for the victims.
- My understanding is that the jury has reached a verdict.
Are we ready to proceed?
- Yes. Your Honor. - Yes. Your Honor.
- Okay.
- They fit him with a stun belt
so if he acts up.
immediately. he'll be shocked.
Because you don't want a dangerous person like this
to decide he's got nothing to lose.
and it's time to take out his lawyer or a bailiff
or even try to make an attack on the judge.
- State of Florida versus Wade Wilson.
case number 19CF568.
We. the jury. find as follows as to the defendant.
Wade Wilson. in this case.
As to count one. first-degree murder. Kristine Melton.
we. the jury. find by a vote of 9 to 3
that Wade Wilson should be sentenced to death.
- We were looking for unanimity.
and we were kind of surprised that there was some people
that obviously could not or did not
recommend the death penalty.
- He needs to suffer.
The death penalty would be good for him.
but he would not suffer that long because he's young.
That's how I feel.
- As to count four. first- degree murder. Diane Ruiz.
we. the jury. find by a vote of 10 to 2
that Wade Wilson should be sentenced to death.
- I mean. it was just an eruption.
- This demonic piece of shit has been sent to death row.
- I can't imagine he would have been surprised.
I think that. again. he liked attention.
Good. bad. it didn't matter.
He just wanted the attention.
- Thousands of women still supporting Wade Wilson.
They think it's so wrong that he got the death penalty.
That's just a great excuse to lust over someone
who killed innocent women.
- And these women are still communicating with him
and attracted to him.
It still surprises me every time.
- Moments ago. we saw justice served.
And this was the appropriate sentence
for this evil monster.
- As a family. we have all been really quiet.
Wade's supporters have not been quiet.
But we all know that the loudest ones are
always the dumb ones anyways.
- My name is Felix Ruiz. the father of Diane.
I didn't get to say I love her. and I miss her.
- I had never believed in the death penalty before this.
The whole thing is tragic.
So it's hard to say good.
It just--maybe a sense of relief for the family.
I don't know if I can do this.
- Take your time. Take your time.
- I felt--I felt good
for Kristine and Diane's family.
that they were able to get that.
- Even a monster like Wade Wilson
was able to get two and three jurors
to say he doesn't deserve the ultimate penalty.
It used to be unanimous.
They lowered it 8 to 4.
No other state in the country has it that low.
And so the next thing that will happen
is that Wade Wilson and his lawyers
will appeal the death verdict. saying that
Florida's death penalty statute is unconstitutional.
- Mr. Wilson is currently sitting
on death row in the Department of Corrections.
- His request was. he wanted to get to death row
as soon as possible to get shipped out.
- You know. being on death row. you know. isolated.
I think a part of him really knows that
he has to have that. because with everything
he's put all over himself and with the things he's done
and some of his life choices. he knows he can't
freely walk a prison yard.
- You see photos of him. his teeth are falling out.
He's losing his health.
He's gaining rapid amount of weight
from his unhealthy diet.
from all of the money he's raised and is spending on candy
and honey buns and chips.
He believes there is poison chemicals
being pumped into his vents by God-knows-who to take him out.
- Oh. my gosh. he's lost it.
What we hear and what we see and read
in these disciplinary reports. it seems like
that is what is happening to him.
He's losing his mind.
It's been reported that he's assaulted his cellmates
in more ways than one.
He can still get drugs. and he does get drugs.
So he's actively using things like K2.
meth. bath salts. anything he can get his hands on.
It's like. what is going on in there with this guy?
- He tried to mail this autographed. handmade drawing
to someone he called Sweet Cheeks.
Wilson wanted Sweet Cheeks to post the drawing
on a 24-hour auction site
and sell them to the highest bidder.
Wilson wrote. "Due to my fame. this should sell quick
and rake in the money."
- He's a shell of his former self.
A lot of people saw these photos.
and I think that really turned the knob down to zero
for a lot of people.
There's no more support for Wade there.
There's no more money for Wade there.
It's done for him.
- You know. that's something I'll have to live with
the rest of my life. thinking about.
you know. my child possibly getting executed.
Ultimately. at the end of the day.
if you know that you've done everything in your power
for that child and they still choose to make certain choices.
you know. it hurts.
You know.
You can't--you wish you could fix it.
but you have to do what's right.
and you have to think about other people and--
and their suffering.
And it's hard when it's at the hands of a life
you created. you know?
It's hard.
- I did burn all of his letters
and the rest of his clothes that I had after that.
I'm just trying to live my life.
And the internet's not allowing it.
calling me. you know. fat ugly liar
and that "Wade's with me now."
I have an ice cream shop.
People that would come through the mall and just
have their kids come up and get ice cream.
they now don't have them do that because of who I am
or because of who Wade was or who I am on social media.
- After the trial. you know.
I really fell off the deep end.
I got very suicidal.
I started getting all these death threats
that I had testified against him.
He had that conspiracy theory that--
that he was set up for the crimes.
where I collected his DNA and put them
on the victims via condom.
And a lot of people believed that for a long time.
- Yo. I got a message from Mila.
And her spa has been burnt down.
I feel so bad for this girl that she just
can't catch a fucking break.
- I thought at first that definitely one of the haters
from the trial. or one of the Wade Wives.
And people laughing. saying karma
because they still believe in Wade's story.
We came to find out that it was just
a freak accident with the fire.
I'm trying to make sense of something that
can't be made sense out of.
It's unbelievable to know that somebody that you love.
that you spent a lot of time with.
just killed two women. two innocent women.
- And I will be there at the execution.
That's a promise.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org